[Since we're doing confessions](###), I want to be a Steemit whale. I'm pretty sure everyone who isn't a whale on Steemit wants to be a whale at this point. 

But this pond simply isn't big enough yet.

After watching this space grow and develop, and putting a great deal of 'brain processing time' towards thinking of solutions or being 'first' with a novel idea or concept, I've been able to identify leadership traits in a number of people. I'm not going to list them, but it should be rather apparent to anyone who is reading the comment threads in the recent posts on the future of Steemit.

These people most likely know who they are as well. They're speaking out and moving out in the absence of a 'centralized structure of authority'. 

I realize I just said a dirty word, and I apologize, but I'm not advocating for anything of the sort. However, a centralized authority structure does, in fact, exist and their names are @dantheman and @ned. 

They are the authoritative leaders in this, primarily because they hold the commit keys to the code, but also because __this is their baby__.

Contrary to the opinions of a number of well-rewarded authors on this amazing platform, authority is a natural derivative of leadership and certain people are born leaders while others become leaders.

Often, this authority becomes overblown and oppressive, but that is not the purpose of this post.

The point is, leaders develop into authoritative figures (translated for anarchists: respected figures). These figures develop a core of supporters who in turn share a degree of this burden/blessing. 

This is a _natural_ process of any ecosystem. 

Everyone responds to authority different, just as everyone who holds authority of any kind weilds it differently. 

Your results may vary. 

So here we all find ourselves, on the 15th anniversary of 9/11, reading the words from a stranger over ultra-high speed, lossless internet connections. Interestingly, we're arguing over who should awarded more of a valuable digital asset in exchange for uploading collections of writings, images, and videos into a globally shared database. 

More interesting still, this 'globally shared database' acts as both online security service and a frictionless, asset transfer protocol, controlled by noone and everyone simultaneously.

Icing on the cake: no one even knows who invented this, so no one entity is theoretically able to capitalize on the infrastructure more than the other. 

Yet, predictably, we are arguing. That's what humans do when incentives aren't aligned... or at least perceptions of incentives aren't aligned. Or maybe perceptions of others incentives don't align with what you perceive to be your incentives? 

You should begin to see the loop developing here. 

So what does all of this mean? How can incentives ever be aligned if we all have different motivations and perspectives? The same way it's always happened.

Leaders must appear. _Leadership_ must stand up.

Leaders make devise plans to accomplish tasks, and seek out ways to execute those tasks. 

Some build tools and help with the development angle. Others help strengthen the community with different experiments and rallying cries.

This is how its supposed to work. 

The end goal of everyone that matters on this platform should be __grow the ecosystem so I can prosper alongside other 'growers'__. What can be done to add value and expand into new markets and mind-shares?

